>> Sarah Drasner: There are some things
that people have misconceptions about view
in their minds in terms of components.
And one is that you have to use string
templates in order to use components,
that's not true.
We are gonna talk about string templates
because we're basically going to
go from the easiest to use and
the least useful to the most useful and
kind of hardest to set up.
But, it's kind of helpful for
understanding.
Vue uses HTML based template syntax to
bind the view instance to the DOM so
it's really very useful for components.
Templates are optional,
you can also write render functions,
and there's JSX support so
you can use whatever you like.
But we'll start with template strings,
only useful for really small.
All use cases, and literally small,
only a little bit of information.
Then we'll go to scripts, and
then to single file templates in the next
section where we set up a build
process that parses those.
So we just can't go into view in that
landscape without kind of looking at
the way that view
typically sets things up.
So we don't actually even need
a component to use a template,
I think that that's worth clarifying.
We could use template directly on
a view instance if we wanted to.
So I can say div ID app and
here's the div here.
And then in my view instance, I establish
a relationship with the element.
And I say template div,
and hello Mr. Magoo.
If I wanna change that to h,
that's not valid markup.
If I wanna change that to h1
then it will update accordingly.
So that really, this template is a string
that is getting put inside that gif.
That's the smallest, simplest example,
not very useful though.
So in talking about components,
now let's move over to components.
I think when we're building out web
applications, what ends up happening or
what used to end up happening is
we'd have these giant pages with so
much information and so much crud.
And so if you are coming in to a project
and called, you are like okay,
I gotta go update the header.
Where is the header,
where I'm I, what is going on?
So I think a little while ago we kind
of got used to this idea like maybe
we need to obstruct these little pieces.
So we've got, in this instance I have
got a really tiny example of header,
aside, sidebar, item in items, main
blog posts before post and post footer.
That could be a real page and
that is not lot to figure out.
If I need to go update the header and I
jumped into this code I'll be lik, right,
okay, I'm gonna go to the header then.
Or right, okay,
I'm gonna go to the side bar item, and
that's where I'm gonna go find that code.
So it's very useful,
very useful to stay productive.